# Stock Price Movement Prediction (General Moters "GM")
Stock market one-day ahead movement prediction using disparate data sources
There are several commercial financial expert systems that can be used for trading on the stock exchange. However, their predictions are somewhat limited since they primarily rely on time-series analysis of the market. With the rise of the Internet, new forms of collective intelligence (e.g. Google and Wikipedia) have emerged, representing a new generation of “crowd-sourced”knowledge bases. They collate infor- mation on publicly traded companies, while capturing web traffic statistics that reflect the public’s collective interest. Google and Wikipedia have become important “knowledge bases”for investors. In this research, we hypothesize that combining disparate online data sources with traditional time-series and technical indicators for a stock can provide a more effective and intelligent daily trading expert system. machine learning models like support vector machines, serve as the basis for our “inference engine”. To evaluate the performance of our expert system, we present a case study based on the GM(General) stock. Our expert system had an 78% accuracy in predicting the next-day GM stock movement, which outperforms the reported rates in the literature. Our results suggest that:

1. The knowledge base of financial expert systems can benefit from data captured from nontraditional “experts”like Google and Wikipedia;
2. Diversifying the knowledge base by combining data from disparate sources can help improve the performance of financial expert systems; and
3. The use of simple machine learning models for inference and rule generation is appropriate with our rich knowledge database.
4. Finally, an intelligent decision making tool is provided to assist investors in making trading decisions on any stock, commodity or index.
